# DATA USE DISCLAIMER AGREEMENT (&quot;Agreement&quot;)

[**_Return to TOC_**](../00-sub-handbook-landing.md)

These U.S. LCI Database Project data (&quot;Data&quot;) are provided by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (&quot;NREL&quot;), operated by the Alliance for Sustainable Energy, LLC (&quot;Alliance&quot;) for the US Department of Energy (&quot;DOE&quot;) under Contract No. DE-AC36-08GO28308. The United States Government (the &quot;Government&quot;) retains and the user acknowledges that the Government retains a non-exclusive, paid-up, irrevocable, worldwide license to publish or reproduce the published form of these data, or allow others to do so, for Government purposes.

Access to and use of these Data shall impose the following obligations on the user, as set forth in this Agreement. The user is granted the right, without any fee or cost, to use, copy, modify, alter, enhance and distribute these Data for any purpose whatsoever, provided that this entire notice appears in all copies of the Data. Any modification, alteration or enhancement of these data shall be identified and documented by the user. Further, the user agrees to credit the DOE/NREL/Alliance in any publication that results from the use of these Data. The names DOE/NREL/Alliance, however, may not be used in any advertising or publicity to endorse or promote any products or commercial entities unless specific written permission is obtained from DOE/NREL/Alliance. The user also understands that DOE/NREL/Alliance is not obligated to provide the user with any support, consulting, training or assistance of any kind with regard to the use of these Data or to provide the user with any updates, revisions or new versions of these Data.

YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY THE GOVERNMENT AND DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE, AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES AGAINST ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS&#39; FEES, RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THESE DATA. THESE DATA ARE PROVIDED BY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE &quot;AS IS&quot; AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE GOVERNMENT OR DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS ASSOCIATED WITH THE LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS CLAIM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCESS, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THESE DATA.

[**_Return to TOC_**](../00-sub-handbook-landing.md)
